doc: add minimal SECURITY.md template (#1588)
openjs-foundation/cross-project-council: project-resources/SECURITY_TEMPLATE.md

# Security Policy

## Reporting a Vulnerability

Please report security issues **privately**:

- Email: xxxx@xxx (or another private alias monitored by maintainers)
- Or use GitHub’s **Report a vulnerability** form on this repository (Security tab).

**Do not** file public GitHub issues for security problems.

When reporting, please include:
- Affected project/repo and version(s)
- Impact and component(s) involved
- Reproduction steps or PoC (if available)
- Your contact and preferred credit name

> If you do not receive an acknowledgement within **6 business days**, or cannot find a private contact, you may **escalate to the OpenJS Foundation CNA** at `security@lists.openjsf.org`. If a project does not respond within **14 days**, escalation is appropriate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not receive an acknowledgement of your report within **6 business days**, or if you cannot find a private security contact for the project, you may **escalate to the OpenJS Foundation CNA** at `security@lists.openjsf.org`.

If the project acknowledges your report but does not provide any further response or engagement within **14 days**, escalation is also appropriate.
```

A small rewording based on https://github.com/eslint/.github/pull/13#discussion_r2293716169
